Photosynthesis is a physicochemical process by which green plants, algae, and some bacteria synthesize organic compounds using components like carbon dioxide and water in the presence of sunlight.  In this process, light energy is converted into chemical energy, with sugars and oxygen as byproducts.

Photosynthesis, is the process by which green plants and some other organisms convert light energy into chemical energy.  During photosynthesis in green plants, light energy is harvested and used to convert water, carbon dioxide, and minerals into oxygen and energy-rich organic compounds.

It is impossible to overestimate the importance of photosynthesis in maintaining life on Earth.  If photosynthesis were to cease, there would soon be little food or other organic matter on Earth.  Most organisms would disappear, and in time, the Earth's atmosphere would become virtually devoid of gaseous oxygen. The only organisms that could exist under such conditions would be chemosynthetic bacteria, which can utilize the chemical energy of certain inorganic compounds and thus are not dependent on light energy conversion.

The energy produced by photosynthesis carried out by plants millions of years ago is responsible for the fossil fuels (i.e., coal, oil, and gas) that power industrial society.  In past ages, green plants and the small organisms that consumed plants grew faster than they were consumed, and their remains were deposited in the Earth's crust through sedimentation and other geological processes. There, protected from oxidation, these organic remains were slowly converted into fossil fuels. These fuels provide much of the energy used in factories, homes, and transportation, as well as serving as raw materials for plastics and other synthetic products. Unfortunately, modern civilization is using up the surplus production of photosynthesis accumulated over millions of years in a few centuries. As a result, the carbon dioxide removed from the air to make carbohydrates in photosynthesis over millions of years is being returned at an astonishing rate. The concentration of carbon dioxide in Earth's atmosphere is increasing faster than at any time in Earth's history, and this phenomenon is believed to have a major impact on Earth's climate.

The rapidly growing human population's needs for food, materials, and energy have created the need to increase the amount of photosynthesis and the efficiency of converting photosynthetic products into useful products for people. One response to those needs – the so-called Green Revolution, begun in the mid-twentieth century – achieved dramatic improvements in agricultural yields through chemical fertilizers, pest and plant disease control, plant breeding, and mechanized plowing, harvesting, and crop processing. Despite rapid population growth, this effort limited severe famines in some parts of the world but did not eliminate widespread malnutrition. Moreover, in the early 1990s, the rate of increase in yields of major crops began to decline. This was particularly true for rice in Asia. The increasing costs associated with maintaining high agricultural production rates, including the rising inputs of fertilizers and pesticides and the continuous need for the development of new plant varieties, have become problematic for farmers in many countries.
