Photosynthesis is the physicochemical process by which green plants, algae, and some
bacteria synthesise organic compounds in the presence of sunlight using components such
as carbon dioxide and water. In this process, light energy is converted to chemical energy in
the form of sugars and Oxygen as a byproduct.

photosynthesis, the process by which green plants and certain other organisms transform
light energy into chemical energy. During photosynthesis in green plants, light energy is
captured and used to convert water, carbon dioxide, and minerals into oxygen and energy-
rich organic compounds.

It would be impossible to overestimate the importance of photosynthesis in the
maintenance of life on Earth. If photosynthesis ceased, there would soon be little food or
other organic matter on Earth. Most organisms would disappear, and in time Earth’s
atmosphere would become nearly devoid of gaseous oxygen. The only organisms able to
exist under such conditions would be the chemosynthetic bacteria, which can utilize the
chemical energy of certain inorganic compounds and thus are not dependent on the
conversion of light energy.

Energy produced by photosynthesis carried out by plants millions of years ago is responsible
for the fossil fuels (i.e., coal, oil, and gas) that power industrial society. In past ages, green
plants and small organisms that fed on plants increased faster than they were consumed,
and their remains were deposited in Earth’s crust by sedimentation and other geological
processes. There, protected from oxidation, these organic remains were slowly converted to
fossil fuels. These fuels not only provide much of the energy used in factories, homes, and
transportation but also serve as the raw material for plastics and other synthetic products.
Unfortunately, modern civilization is using up in a few centuries the excess of photosynthetic
production accumulated over millions of years. Consequently, the carbon dioxide that has
been removed from the air to make carbohydrates in photosynthesis over millions of years is
being returned at an incredibly rapid rate. The carbon dioxide concentration in Earth’s
atmosphere is rising the fastest it ever has in Earth’s history, and this phenomenon is
expected to have major implications on Earth’s climate.
Requirements for food, materials, and energy in a world where human population is rapidly
growing have created a need to increase both the amount of photosynthesis and the
efficiency of converting photosynthetic output into products useful to people. One response
to those needs—the so-called Green Revolution, begun in the mid-20th century—achieved
enormous improvements in agricultural yield through the use of chemical fertilizers, pest
and plant-disease control, plant breeding, and mechanized tilling, harvesting, and crop
processing. This effort limited severe famines to a few areas of the world despite rapid
population growth, but it did not eliminate widespread malnutrition. Moreover, beginning in
the early 1990s, the rate at which yields of major crops increased began to decline. This was
especially true for rice in Asia. Rising costs associated with sustaining high rates of
agricultural production, which required ever-increasing inputs of fertilizers and pesticides
and constant development of new plant varieties, also became problematic for farmers in
many countries.
