A distribution system is a system in which components of network computers communicate and coordinate their actions by sending only messages. A system in which hardware or software components in network computers communicate and coordinate their actions by sending messages only. Computers connected by a network can be spatially separated at any distance. They can be in different continents, in the same building or in the same room. Features of distribution systems: component assembly, lack of global clock and independent failure of components Competitiveness: In computer networking, the standard is the execution of the assembly program. You can do my work on my computer while you do your work, sharing resources like web pages or files is necessary. Expanded by expanding the system's resources to manage websites. As modern computers expand with greater capacity, so can a wider range of resources. When using and distributing WiFi networks, it is distributed through the use of a large number of Internet networks and other types of Internet networks. • It is a common and broad-based Internet network that includes all types of fire networks and Internet networks, while it is a distributed network that includes a specific Facebook. • It is not possible to distribute a particular Facebook at a specific time and time, from a specific time and place, to a specific time, and to a specific time, and to a specific time, and to a specific time, and to a specific time, and to a specific time, and to a specific time, and to a specific time, and to a specific time, and to a specific time, and to a specific time, and to a specific time. • It can distribute a specific network and a specific network distribution system. • It is the users who have a specific network distribution system. • It is a specific network that contains a specific network. • It has a specific network. • It is a specific network and • Internet Service Providers (ISPs) are a part of the Internet that provides broadband links and other types of connections to individual users and small businesses, enabling local security policies to be implemented anywhere on the Internet. Providing local services such as email and web hosting. • Intranects are connected by the spine. • A spine is a network link with high transmission capacity using satellite connections. • uses satellite connections using fiber optic cables and other high bandwidth circuits. Intranet is a component of the Internet that allows individual users and small businesses to implement local security policies by providing a variety of services. • Consists of multiple LANs connected via intranet connections. • Connected to the Internet using the Intranet services. • The main issues with the components of providing file services • The use of satellites using satellite connections. • Using satellites, fiber cables and other high bandwidth circuits using satellite connections. Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet and other things Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet is the Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet and other things Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet is the Internet Internet Internet Internet Internet is the Internet and other things that are the Internet Internet Internet Internet is the Internet and the Internet is the Internet is the Internet and the Internet is the Internet is the Internet and the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the Internet and the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the Internet is the That is, their computing behavior is linked to the mobility of their devices. • Ubiquity computing is the use of many small, inexpensive computing devices in the physical environment of consumers, in the home, office and in natural settings. • For example, it is convenient for users to control their access to their washing machine or their laptop or remote control device. • Small computers and mobile phones can only be used when connected at home or in the home. • It ensures that they are able to use and use the Internet, even when connected through a small computer or mobile phone or other mobile phone. • It is beneficial to a small consumer. But they can only be used by visiting a small computer or mobile phone or other mobile network. • It is to provide a convenient web or internet connection to a regular user. • It provides a flexible network for a regular user. • This can only be done by visiting a mobile phone or mobile network or by visiting a regular user or mobile network. But it shows that only by visiting a mobile network, and by visiting a mobile network, a regular user or by visiting an internally connected one can provide a connection to a particular location or an internally connected one. Finally, the user has a digital camera that can communicate via a personal area wireless network (with a range of up to about 10 meters) via a device such as a printer.

