A distributed system is one in which components located at networked computers 
communicate and coordinate their actions only by passing messages. 
a distributed system as one in which hardware or software components located at networked 
computers communicate and coordinate their actions only by passing messages. 
Computers that are connected by a network may be spatially separated by any distance. They 
may be on separate continents, in the same building or in the same room. 
 
characteristics of distributed systems: concurrency of components, lack of a global clock 
and independent failures of components 
Concurrency: In a network of computers, concurrent program execution is the norm. I can do 
my work on my computer while you do your work on yours, sharing resources such as web 
pages or files when necessary. The capacity of the system to handle shared resources can be 
increased by adding more resources 
No global clock - computers in a network can synchronize their clocks – there is no single 
global notion of the correct time. This is a direct consequence of the fact that the only 
communication is by sending messages through a network 
Independent failures: Each component of the system can fail independently, leaving the others 
still running 
Examples of distributed systems 
Internet 
The modern Internet is a vast interconnected collection of computer networks of many different 
types, with the range of types increasing all the time and now including, for example, a wide 
range of wireless communication technologies such as WiFi, WiMAX, Bluetooth and third-
generation mobile phone networks. The net result is that networking has become a pervasive 
resource and devices can be connected (if desired) at any time and in any place. 
• illustrates a typical portion of the Internet. 
• Programs running on the computers connected to it interact by passing messages, 
• The Internet is also a very large distributed system. 
• It enables users, wherever they are, to make use of services such as the World Wide 
Web, email and file transfer. 
• The set of services is open-ended – it can be extended by the addition of server 
computers and new types of service.  
• The figure shows a collection of intranets – subnetworks operated by companies and 
other organizations and typically protected by firewalls. The role of a firewall is to 
protect an intranet by preventing unauthorized messages from leaving or entering. 
• Internet Service Providers (ISPs) are companies that provide broadband links and other 
types of connection to individual users and small organizations, enabling them to access 
services anywhere in the Internet as well as providing local services such as email and 
web hosting. 
• The intranets are linked together by backbones.  
