 • Devices embedded in appliances such as washing machines, hi-fi systems, cars and 
refrigerators. 
• The portability of many of these devices, together with their ability to connect 
conveniently to networks in different places, makes mobile computing possible. 
•  Mobile computing is the performance of computing tasks while the user is on the move, 
or visiting places other than their usual environment. 
•  In mobile computing, users who are away from their ‘home’ intranet (the intranet at 
work, or their residence) are still provided with access to resources via the devices they 
carry with them.  
• They can continue to access the Internet; they can continue to access resources in their 
home intranet; and there is increasing provision for users to utilize resources such as 
printers or even sales points that are conveniently nearby as they move around. The 
latter is also known as location-aware or context-aware computing. 
•  Mobility introduces a number of challenges for distributed systems, including the need 
to deal with variable connectivity and indeed disconnection, and the need to maintain 
operation in the face of device mobility 
 
• Ubiquitous computing is the harnessing of many small, cheap computational devices 
that are present in users’ physical environments, including the home, office and even 
natural settings.  
 
• The term ‘ubiquitous’ is intended to suggest that small computing devices will 
eventually become so pervasive in everyday objects that they are scarcely noticed. That 
is, their computational behaviour will be transparently and intimately tied up with their 
physical function.  
 
• The presence of computers everywhere only becomes useful when they can 
communicate with one another. For example, it may be convenient for users to control 
their washing machine or their entertainment system from their phone or a ‘universal 
remote control’ device in the home. Equally, the washing machine could notify the user 
via a smart badge or phone when the washing is done.  
 
• Ubiquitous and mobile computing overlap, since the mobile user can in principle 
benefit from computers that are everywhere. But they are distinct, in general. 
Ubiquitous computing could benefit users while they remain in a single environment 
such as the home or a hospital. Similarly, mobile computing has advantages even if it 
involves only conventional, discrete computers and devices such as laptops and 
printers. 
 
• shows a user who is visiting a host organization. The figure shows the user’s home 
intranet and the host intranet at the site that the user is visiting. Both intranets are 
connected to the rest of the Internet. The user has access to three forms of wireless 
connection. Their laptop has a means of connecting to the host’s wireless LAN. This 
network provides coverage of a few hundred metres (a floor of a building, say). It 
